Hey guys welcome back.
So it's time to test your knowledge in the form of a challenge.
I'd like you to use the skills you've just learned to create a new game icon.
Consider moving your players to recompose an existing image or indeed go ahead and create something
brand new.
Link layers when necessary remember that will save you a lot of time later on and share with us your
new game like pause video now and give us a go.
Okay guys welcome back.
Let's go ahead now and create a new game icon over in guimpe.
Okay so we're back over in game.
And the first thing I'm going to do is go ahead and open up a file that I've worked on before because
I want to take my sword and I want to put two swords crossed.
Kate let's zoom on in.
Now the first thing I'm going to do is actually link these two layers together.
The sword and the blade.
So there we go they're linked together going to move them about just to make sure they are linked.
Excellent.
So that's the first stage done.
It does mean if I move one I'll happily move the other.
Now I need to duplicate what I can currently see.
Now I do have an option here to merge my blade down into my sword so it becomes one object and I am
tempted to do this.
I've got a backup of this file anyway so if I don't like that later on I can always restore it.
So I think I am going to do that so we don't need them really linked together if we didn't need to.
But I'm going to merge that down so that it is now just one item.
The next thing I'm going to do is duplicate that layer.
Now if I hadn't have done that I would have found that I'd need to duplicate both the layers to get
the same result back.
Now that I've got my sword copy I'm going to call this one sword behind.
So one's in front and one's behind.
And I need to flip that round horizontally so I'm going to go to my layer options and go down to transform
and I'm good to flip that horizontally.
And there we go.
Now you will notice straightaway because the because of the order that we have the sword that's supposed
to be behind is currently in front some good to shift my order for the layers.
And there we go.
Now I do on my swords to be linked together so if I decide to move one the other one will happily move
along with it I'm going to save my file has at this point thinking about it I'm going to go back down
to my game my hands and I'm going to call this jewel swords.
I'm going save it in that fold.
So there we go.
I've saved that and in fact that saved me the trouble of having to recover the other sword later on.
But there we go.
I've got one on top of the other now there are a couple of things I can do here to help myself out.
I could create maybe a drop shadow behind if I wanted to I could change the background.
I mean white is okay.
Be nice to have a shield or something in the background.
I feel that's going to come in a future election so let's not worry about that.
So there we go.
I've brought my source together.
I've got transparency there as well.
Should I require in the game.
And there we go.
I'm quite happy with that.
Yeah.
Are there some other things that I could do.
Quite possibly but I don't want to spend all day doing this on such a straightforward day Mike.
Again just a reminder here that as you're creating these yourself don't spend too long on each individual
one at this point in time you should really be focussed on producing a quantity so you get to practice
your skills over and over again later on when we get some more detailed work getting that detail right
is going to become more and more important.
A quick couple of commonsense checks we've got both the highlights facing upwards.
That's fine.
I'm liking how this is looking.
How is ewell's LOOKING.
PLEASE SHARE.
Over in the discussions and I will see you in the next video.